exercises/twelve-days/README.md, before:

# Twelve Days

Output the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas'.

```text
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me: a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me: two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me: three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: twelve Drummers Drumming, eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.
```


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats twelve_days_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song))


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/twelve-days/README.md, after:

# Twelve Days

Output the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas'.

```text
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me: a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me: two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me: three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: twelve Drummers Drumming, eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.
```

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats twelve_days_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats twelve_days_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song))


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
