exercises/largest-series-product/README.md, before:

# Largest Series Product

Given a string of digits, calculate the largest product for a contiguous
substring of digits of length n.

For example, for the input `'1027839564'`, the largest product for a
series of 3 digits is 270 (9 * 5 * 6), and the largest product for a
series of 5 digits is 7560 (7 * 8 * 3 * 9 * 5).

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.

For the input `'73167176531330624919225119674426574742355349194934'`,
the largest product for a series of 6 digits is 23520.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats largest_series_product_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

A variation on Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/largest-series-product/README.md, after:

# Largest Series Product

Given a string of digits, calculate the largest product for a contiguous
substring of digits of length n.

For example, for the input `'1027839564'`, the largest product for a
series of 3 digits is 270 (9 * 5 * 6), and the largest product for a
series of 5 digits is 7560 (7 * 8 * 3 * 9 * 5).

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.

For the input `'73167176531330624919225119674426574742355349194934'`,
the largest product for a series of 6 digits is 23520.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats largest_series_product_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats largest_series_product_test.sh
```

## Source

A variation on Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
