exercises/grains/README.md, before:

# Grains

Calculate the number of grains of wheat on a chessboard given that the number
on each square doubles.

There once was a wise servant who saved the life of a prince. The king
promised to pay whatever the servant could dream up. Knowing that the
king loved chess, the servant told the king he would like to have grains
of wheat. One grain on the first square of a chess board. Two grains on
the next. Four on the third, and so on.

There are 64 squares on a chessboard.

Write code that shows:
- how many grains were on each square, and
- the total number of grains

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- Optimize for speed.
- Optimize for readability.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats grains_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 6 [http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/grains/README.md, after:

# Grains

Calculate the number of grains of wheat on a chessboard given that the number
on each square doubles.

There once was a wise servant who saved the life of a prince. The king
promised to pay whatever the servant could dream up. Knowing that the
king loved chess, the servant told the king he would like to have grains
of wheat. One grain on the first square of a chess board. Two grains on
the next. Four on the third, and so on.

There are 64 squares on a chessboard.

Write code that shows:
- how many grains were on each square, and
- the total number of grains

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- Optimize for speed.
- Optimize for readability.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats grains_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 6 [http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
