exercises/rotational-cipher/README.md, before:

# Rotational Cipher

Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.

The Caesar cipher is a simple shift cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet using an integer key
between `0` and `26`. Using a key of `0` or `26` will always yield
the same output due to modular arithmetic. The letter is shifted
for as many values as the value of the key.

The general notation for rotational ciphers is `ROT + <key>`.
The most commonly used rotational cipher is `ROT13`.

A `ROT13` on the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: nopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklm
```

It is stronger than the Atbash cipher because it has 27 possible keys, and 25 usable keys.

Ciphertext is written out in the same formatting as the input including spaces and punctuation.

## Examples

- ROT5  `omg` gives `trl`
- ROT0  `c` gives `c`
- ROT26 `Cool` gives `Cool`
- ROT13 `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.` gives `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.`
- ROT13 `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.` gives `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.`


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats rotational_cipher_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/rotational-cipher/README.md, after:

# Rotational Cipher

Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.

The Caesar cipher is a simple shift cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet using an integer key
between `0` and `26`. Using a key of `0` or `26` will always yield
the same output due to modular arithmetic. The letter is shifted
for as many values as the value of the key.

The general notation for rotational ciphers is `ROT + <key>`.
The most commonly used rotational cipher is `ROT13`.

A `ROT13` on the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: nopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklm
```

It is stronger than the Atbash cipher because it has 27 possible keys, and 25 usable keys.

Ciphertext is written out in the same formatting as the input including spaces and punctuation.

## Examples

- ROT5  `omg` gives `trl`
- ROT0  `c` gives `c`
- ROT26 `Cool` gives `Cool`
- ROT13 `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.` gives `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.`
- ROT13 `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.` gives `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.`

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats rotational_cipher_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats rotational_cipher_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
