exercises/proverb/README.md, before:

# Proverb

For want of a horseshoe nail, a kingdom was lost, or so the saying goes.

Given a list of inputs, generate the relevant proverb. For example, given the list `["nail", "shoe", "horse", "rider", "message", "battle", "kingdom"]`, you will output the full text of this proverbial rhyme:

```text
For want of a nail the shoe was lost.
For want of a shoe the horse was lost.
For want of a horse the rider was lost.
For want of a rider the message was lost.
For want of a message the battle was lost.
For want of a battle the kingdom was lost.
And all for the want of a nail.
```

Note that the list of inputs may vary; your solution should be able to handle lists of arbitrary length and content. No line of the output text should be a static, unchanging string; all should vary according to the input given.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats proverb_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/proverb/README.md, after:

# Proverb

For want of a horseshoe nail, a kingdom was lost, or so the saying goes.

Given a list of inputs, generate the relevant proverb. For example, given the list `["nail", "shoe", "horse", "rider", "message", "battle", "kingdom"]`, you will output the full text of this proverbial rhyme:

```text
For want of a nail the shoe was lost.
For want of a shoe the horse was lost.
For want of a horse the rider was lost.
For want of a rider the message was lost.
For want of a message the battle was lost.
For want of a battle the kingdom was lost.
And all for the want of a nail.
```

Note that the list of inputs may vary; your solution should be able to handle lists of arbitrary length and content. No line of the output text should be a static, unchanging string; all should vary according to the input given.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats proverb_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats proverb_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
