exercises/say/README.md, before:

# Say

Given a number from 0 to 999,999,999,999, spell out that number in English.

## Step 1

Handle the basic case of 0 through 99.

If the input to the program is `22`, then the output should be
`'twenty-two'`.

Your program should complain loudly if given a number outside the
blessed range.

Some good test cases for this program are:

- 0
- 14
- 50
- 98
- -1
- 100

### Extension

If you're on a Mac, shell out to Mac OS X's `say` program to talk out
loud. If you're on Linux or Windows, eSpeakNG may be available with the command `espeak`.

## Step 2

Implement breaking a number up into chunks of thousands.

So `1234567890` should yield a list like 1, 234, 567, and 890, while the
far simpler `1000` should yield just 1 and 0.

The program must also report any values that are out of range.

## Step 3

Now handle inserting the appropriate scale word between those chunks.

So `1234567890` should yield `'1 billion 234 million 567 thousand 890'`

The program must also report any values that are out of range.  It's
fine to stop at "trillion".

## Step 4

Put it all together to get nothing but plain English.

`12345` should give `twelve thousand three hundred forty-five`.

The program must also report any values that are out of range.

### Extensions

Use _and_ (correctly) when spelling out the number in English:

- 14 becomes "fourteen".
- 100 becomes "one hundred".
- 120 becomes "one hundred and twenty".
- 1002 becomes "one thousand and two".
- 1323 becomes "one thousand three hundred and twenty-three".


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats say_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

A variation on JavaRanch CattleDrive, exercise 4a [http://www.javaranch.com/say.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/say.jsp)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/say/README.md, after:

# Say

Given a number from 0 to 999,999,999,999, spell out that number in English.

## Step 1

Handle the basic case of 0 through 99.

If the input to the program is `22`, then the output should be
`'twenty-two'`.

Your program should complain loudly if given a number outside the
blessed range.

Some good test cases for this program are:

- 0
- 14
- 50
- 98
- -1
- 100

### Extension

If you're on a Mac, shell out to Mac OS X's `say` program to talk out
loud. If you're on Linux or Windows, eSpeakNG may be available with the command `espeak`.

## Step 2

Implement breaking a number up into chunks of thousands.

So `1234567890` should yield a list like 1, 234, 567, and 890, while the
far simpler `1000` should yield just 1 and 0.

The program must also report any values that are out of range.

## Step 3

Now handle inserting the appropriate scale word between those chunks.

So `1234567890` should yield `'1 billion 234 million 567 thousand 890'`

The program must also report any values that are out of range.  It's
fine to stop at "trillion".

## Step 4

Put it all together to get nothing but plain English.

`12345` should give `twelve thousand three hundred forty-five`.

The program must also report any values that are out of range.

### Extensions

Use _and_ (correctly) when spelling out the number in English:

- 14 becomes "fourteen".
- 100 becomes "one hundred".
- 120 becomes "one hundred and twenty".
- 1002 becomes "one thousand and two".
- 1323 becomes "one thousand three hundred and twenty-three".

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats say_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats say_test.sh
```

## Source

A variation on JavaRanch CattleDrive, exercise 4a [http://www.javaranch.com/say.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/say.jsp)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
