exercises/phone-number/README.md, before:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The **North American Numbering Plan (NANP)** is a telephone numbering system used by many countries in North America like the United States, Canada or Bermuda. All NANP-countries share the same international country code: `1`.

NANP numbers are ten-digit numbers consisting of a three-digit Numbering Plan Area code, commonly known as *area code*, followed by a seven-digit local number. The first three digits of the local number represent the *exchange code*, followed by the unique four-digit number which is the *subscriber number*.

The format is usually represented as

```text
(NXX)-NXX-XXXX
```

where `N` is any digit from 2 through 9 and `X` is any digit from 0 through 9.

Your task is to clean up differently formatted telephone numbers by removing punctuation and the country code (1) if present.

For example, the inputs
- `+1 (613)-995-0253`
- `613-995-0253`
- `1 613 995 0253`
- `613.995.0253`

should all produce the output

`6139950253`

**Note:** As this exercise only deals with telephone numbers used in NANP-countries, only 1 is considered a valid country code.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats phone_number_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/phone-number/README.md, after:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The **North American Numbering Plan (NANP)** is a telephone numbering system used by many countries in North America like the United States, Canada or Bermuda. All NANP-countries share the same international country code: `1`.

NANP numbers are ten-digit numbers consisting of a three-digit Numbering Plan Area code, commonly known as *area code*, followed by a seven-digit local number. The first three digits of the local number represent the *exchange code*, followed by the unique four-digit number which is the *subscriber number*.

The format is usually represented as

```text
(NXX)-NXX-XXXX
```

where `N` is any digit from 2 through 9 and `X` is any digit from 0 through 9.

Your task is to clean up differently formatted telephone numbers by removing punctuation and the country code (1) if present.

For example, the inputs
- `+1 (613)-995-0253`
- `613-995-0253`
- `1 613 995 0253`
- `613.995.0253`

should all produce the output

`6139950253`

**Note:** As this exercise only deals with telephone numbers used in NANP-countries, only 1 is considered a valid country code.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats phone_number_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
