exercises/resistor-color-duo/README.md, before:

# Resistor Color Duo

If you want to build something using a Raspberry Pi, you'll probably use _resistors_. For this exercise, you need to know two things about them:

* Each resistor has a resistance value.
* Resistors are small - so small in fact that if you printed the resistance value on them, it would be hard to read.
To get around this problem, manufacturers print color-coded bands onto the resistors to denote their resistance values. Each band acts as a digit of a number. For example, if they printed a brown band (value 1) followed by a green band (value 5), it would translate to the number 15.

In this exercise, you are going to create a helpful program so that you don't have to remember the values of the bands. The program will take two colors as input, and output the correct number.

The band colors are encoded as follows:

- Black: 0
- Brown: 1
- Red: 2
- Orange: 3
- Yellow: 4
- Green: 5
- Blue: 6
- Violet: 7
- Grey: 8
- White: 9


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats resistor_color_duo_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Maud de Vries, Erik Schierboom [https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1464](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1464)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/resistor-color-duo/README.md, after:

# Resistor Color Duo

If you want to build something using a Raspberry Pi, you'll probably use _resistors_. For this exercise, you need to know two things about them:

* Each resistor has a resistance value.
* Resistors are small - so small in fact that if you printed the resistance value on them, it would be hard to read.
To get around this problem, manufacturers print color-coded bands onto the resistors to denote their resistance values. Each band acts as a digit of a number. For example, if they printed a brown band (value 1) followed by a green band (value 5), it would translate to the number 15.

In this exercise, you are going to create a helpful program so that you don't have to remember the values of the bands. The program will take two colors as input, and output the correct number.

The band colors are encoded as follows:

- Black: 0
- Brown: 1
- Red: 2
- Orange: 3
- Yellow: 4
- Green: 5
- Blue: 6
- Violet: 7
- Grey: 8
- White: 9

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats resistor_color_duo_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats resistor_color_duo_test.sh
```

## Source

Maud de Vries, Erik Schierboom [https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1464](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1464)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
