exercises/prime-factors/README.md, before:

# Prime Factors

Compute the prime factors of a given natural number.

A prime number is only evenly divisible by itself and 1.

Note that 1 is not a prime number.

## Example

What are the prime factors of 60?

- Our first divisor is 2. 2 goes into 60, leaving 30.
- 2 goes into 30, leaving 15.
  - 2 doesn't go cleanly into 15. So let's move on to our next divisor, 3.
- 3 goes cleanly into 15, leaving 5.
  - 3 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 4.
  - 4 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 5.
- 5 does go cleanly into 5.
- We're left only with 1, so now, we're done.

Our successful divisors in that computation represent the list of prime
factors of 60: 2, 2, 3, and 5.

You can check this yourself:

- 2 * 2 * 3 * 5
- = 4 * 15
- = 60
- Success!


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats prime_factors_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

The Prime Factors Kata by Uncle Bob [http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata](http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/prime-factors/README.md, after:

# Prime Factors

Compute the prime factors of a given natural number.

A prime number is only evenly divisible by itself and 1.

Note that 1 is not a prime number.

## Example

What are the prime factors of 60?

- Our first divisor is 2. 2 goes into 60, leaving 30.
- 2 goes into 30, leaving 15.
  - 2 doesn't go cleanly into 15. So let's move on to our next divisor, 3.
- 3 goes cleanly into 15, leaving 5.
  - 3 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 4.
  - 4 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 5.
- 5 does go cleanly into 5.
- We're left only with 1, so now, we're done.

Our successful divisors in that computation represent the list of prime
factors of 60: 2, 2, 3, and 5.

You can check this yourself:

- 2 * 2 * 3 * 5
- = 4 * 15
- = 60
- Success!

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats prime_factors_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats prime_factors_test.sh
```

## Source

The Prime Factors Kata by Uncle Bob [http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata](http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
