exercises/pangram/README.md, before:

# Pangram

Determine if a sentence is a pangram. A pangram (Greek: παν γράμμα, pan gramma,
"every letter") is a sentence using every letter of the alphabet at least once.
The best known English pangram is:
> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

The alphabet used consists of ASCII letters `a` to `z`, inclusive, and is case
insensitive. Input will not contain non-ASCII symbols.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats pangram_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Applied POSIX compliance section rephrasing to the READMEs of existing exercises

exercises/pangram/README.md, after:

# Pangram

Determine if a sentence is a pangram. A pangram (Greek: παν γράμμα, pan gramma,
"every letter") is a sentence using every letter of the alphabet at least once.
The best known English pangram is:
> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

The alphabet used consists of ASCII letters `a` to `z`, inclusive, and is case
insensitive. Input will not contain non-ASCII symbols.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats pangram_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
