exercises/gigasecond/README.md, before:

# Gigasecond

Calculate the moment when someone has lived for 10^9 seconds.

A gigasecond is 10^9 (1,000,000,000) seconds.

## Test-Driven Development

As programmers mature, they eventually want to test their code.

Here at Exercism we simulate [Test-Driven
Development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD), where
you write your tests before writing any functionality. The simulation comes in
the form of a pre-written test suite, which will signal that you have solved
the problem.

It will also provide you with a safety net to explore other solutions without
breaking the functionality.

### A typical TDD workflow on Exercism:

1. Run the test file and pick one test that's failing.
2. Write some code to fix the test you picked.
3. Re-run the tests to confirm the test is now passing.
4. Repeat from step 1.
5. Submit your solution (`exercism submit /path/to/file`)

## Instructions

Submissions are encouraged to be general, within reason. Having said that, it's
also important not to over-engineer a solution.

It's important to remember that the goal is to make code as expressive and
readable as we can.



Run the tests with:

```bash
bats gigasecond_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Chapter 9 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/gigasecond/README.md, after:

# Gigasecond

Calculate the moment when someone has lived for 10^9 seconds.

A gigasecond is 10^9 (1,000,000,000) seconds.

## Test-Driven Development

As programmers mature, they eventually want to test their code.

Here at Exercism we simulate [Test-Driven
Development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD), where
you write your tests before writing any functionality. The simulation comes in
the form of a pre-written test suite, which will signal that you have solved
the problem.

It will also provide you with a safety net to explore other solutions without
breaking the functionality.

### A typical TDD workflow on Exercism:

1. Run the test file and pick one test that's failing.
2. Write some code to fix the test you picked.
3. Re-run the tests to confirm the test is now passing.
4. Repeat from step 1.
5. Submit your solution (`exercism submit /path/to/file`)

## Instructions

Submissions are encouraged to be general, within reason. Having said that, it's
also important not to over-engineer a solution.

It's important to remember that the goal is to make code as expressive and
readable as we can.



Run the tests with:

```bash
bats gigasecond_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Chapter 9 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
