exercises/luhn/README.md, before:

# Luhn

Given a number determine whether or not it is valid per the Luhn formula.

The [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm) is
a simple checksum formula used to validate a variety of identification
numbers, such as credit card numbers and Canadian Social Insurance
Numbers.

The task is to check if a given string is valid.

Validating a Number
------

Strings of length 1 or less are not valid. Spaces are allowed in the input,
but they should be stripped before checking. All other non-digit characters
are disallowed.

## Example 1: valid credit card number

```text
4539 1488 0343 6467
```

The first step of the Luhn algorithm is to double every second digit,
starting from the right. We will be doubling

```text
4_3_ 1_8_ 0_4_ 6_6_
```

If doubling the number results in a number greater than 9 then subtract 9
from the product. The results of our doubling:

```text
8569 2478 0383 3437
```

Then sum all of the digits:

```text
8+5+6+9+2+4+7+8+0+3+8+3+3+4+3+7 = 80
```

If the sum is evenly divisible by 10, then the number is valid. This number is valid!

## Example 2: invalid credit card number

```text
8273 1232 7352 0569
```

Double the second digits, starting from the right

```text
7253 2262 5312 0539
```

Sum the digits

```text
7+2+5+3+2+2+6+2+5+3+1+2+0+5+3+9 = 57
```

57 is not evenly divisible by 10, so this number is not valid.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats luhn_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

The Luhn Algorithm on Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Applied POSIX compliance section rephrasing to the READMEs of existing exercises

exercises/luhn/README.md, after:

# Luhn

Given a number determine whether or not it is valid per the Luhn formula.

The [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm) is
a simple checksum formula used to validate a variety of identification
numbers, such as credit card numbers and Canadian Social Insurance
Numbers.

The task is to check if a given string is valid.

Validating a Number
------

Strings of length 1 or less are not valid. Spaces are allowed in the input,
but they should be stripped before checking. All other non-digit characters
are disallowed.

## Example 1: valid credit card number

```text
4539 1488 0343 6467
```

The first step of the Luhn algorithm is to double every second digit,
starting from the right. We will be doubling

```text
4_3_ 1_8_ 0_4_ 6_6_
```

If doubling the number results in a number greater than 9 then subtract 9
from the product. The results of our doubling:

```text
8569 2478 0383 3437
```

Then sum all of the digits:

```text
8+5+6+9+2+4+7+8+0+3+8+3+3+4+3+7 = 80
```

If the sum is evenly divisible by 10, then the number is valid. This number is valid!

## Example 2: invalid credit card number

```text
8273 1232 7352 0569
```

Double the second digits, starting from the right

```text
7253 2262 5312 0539
```

Sum the digits

```text
7+2+5+3+2+2+6+2+5+3+1+2+0+5+3+9 = 57
```

57 is not evenly divisible by 10, so this number is not valid.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats luhn_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

The Luhn Algorithm on Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
