exercises/pig-latin/README.md, before:

# Pig Latin

Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin.

Pig Latin is a made-up children's language that's intended to be
confusing. It obeys a few simple rules (below), but when it's spoken
quickly it's really difficult for non-children (and non-native speakers)
to understand.

- **Rule 1**: If a word begins with a vowel sound, add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Please note that "xr" and "yt" at the beginning of a word make vowel sounds (e.g. "xray" -> "xrayay", "yttria" -> "yttriaay").
- **Rule 2**: If a word begins with a consonant sound, move it to the end of the word and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Consonant sounds can be made up of multiple consonants, a.k.a. a consonant cluster (e.g. "chair" -> "airchay").
- **Rule 3**: If a word starts with a consonant sound followed by "qu", move it to the end of the word, and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word (e.g. "square" -> "aresquay").
- **Rule 4**: If a word contains a "y" after a consonant cluster or as the second letter in a two letter word it makes a vowel sound (e.g. "rhythm" -> "ythmrhay", "my" -> "ymay").

There are a few more rules for edge cases, and there are regional
variants too.

See <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_latin> for more details.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats pig_latin_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

The Pig Latin exercise at Test First Teaching by Ultrasaurus [https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/](https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/pig-latin/README.md, after:

# Pig Latin

Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin.

Pig Latin is a made-up children's language that's intended to be
confusing. It obeys a few simple rules (below), but when it's spoken
quickly it's really difficult for non-children (and non-native speakers)
to understand.

- **Rule 1**: If a word begins with a vowel sound, add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Please note that "xr" and "yt" at the beginning of a word make vowel sounds (e.g. "xray" -> "xrayay", "yttria" -> "yttriaay").
- **Rule 2**: If a word begins with a consonant sound, move it to the end of the word and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Consonant sounds can be made up of multiple consonants, a.k.a. a consonant cluster (e.g. "chair" -> "airchay").
- **Rule 3**: If a word starts with a consonant sound followed by "qu", move it to the end of the word, and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word (e.g. "square" -> "aresquay").
- **Rule 4**: If a word contains a "y" after a consonant cluster or as the second letter in a two letter word it makes a vowel sound (e.g. "rhythm" -> "ythmrhay", "my" -> "ymay").

There are a few more rules for edge cases, and there are regional
variants too.

See <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_latin> for more details.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats pig_latin_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats pig_latin_test.sh
```

## Source

The Pig Latin exercise at Test First Teaching by Ultrasaurus [https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/](https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
