exercises/scrabble-score/README.md, before:

# Scrabble Score

Given a word, compute the scrabble score for that word.

## Letter Values

You'll need these:

```text
Letter                           Value
A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T       1
D, G                               2
B, C, M, P                         3
F, H, V, W, Y                      4
K                                  5
J, X                               8
Q, Z                               10
```

## Examples

"cabbage" should be scored as worth 14 points:

- 3 points for C
- 1 point for A, twice
- 3 points for B, twice
- 2 points for G
- 1 point for E

And to total:

- `3 + 2*1 + 2*3 + 2 + 1`
- = `3 + 2 + 6 + 3`
- = `5 + 9`
- = 14

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats scrabble_score_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Extensions

- You can play a double or a triple letter.
- You can play a double or a triple word.

## Source

Inspired by the Extreme Startup game [https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/scrabble-score/README.md, after:

# Scrabble Score

Given a word, compute the scrabble score for that word.

## Letter Values

You'll need these:

```text
Letter                           Value
A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T       1
D, G                               2
B, C, M, P                         3
F, H, V, W, Y                      4
K                                  5
J, X                               8
Q, Z                               10
```

## Examples

"cabbage" should be scored as worth 14 points:

- 3 points for C
- 1 point for A, twice
- 3 points for B, twice
- 2 points for G
- 1 point for E

And to total:

- `3 + 2*1 + 2*3 + 2 + 1`
- = `3 + 2 + 6 + 3`
- = `5 + 9`
- = 14

## Extensions

- You can play a double or a triple letter.
- You can play a double or a triple word.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats scrabble_score_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Inspired by the Extreme Startup game [https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
