exercises/all-your-base/README.md, before:

# All Your Base

Convert a number, represented as a sequence of digits in one base, to any other base.

Implement general base conversion. Given a number in base **a**,
represented as a sequence of digits, convert it to base **b**.

## Note

- Try to implement the conversion yourself.
  Do not use something else to perform the conversion for you.

## About [Positional Notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positional_notation)

In positional notation, a number in base **b** can be understood as a linear
combination of powers of **b**.

The number 42, *in base 10*, means:

(4 * 10^1) + (2 * 10^0)

The number 101010, *in base 2*, means:

(1 * 2^5) + (0 * 2^4) + (1 * 2^3) + (0 * 2^2) + (1 * 2^1) + (0 * 2^0)

The number 1120, *in base 3*, means:

(1 * 3^3) + (1 * 3^2) + (2 * 3^1) + (0 * 3^0)

I think you got the idea!

*Yes. Those three numbers above are exactly the same. Congratulations!*


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats all_your_base_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.



## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/all-your-base/README.md, after:

# All Your Base

Convert a number, represented as a sequence of digits in one base, to any other base.

Implement general base conversion. Given a number in base **a**,
represented as a sequence of digits, convert it to base **b**.

## Note

- Try to implement the conversion yourself.
  Do not use something else to perform the conversion for you.

## About [Positional Notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positional_notation)

In positional notation, a number in base **b** can be understood as a linear
combination of powers of **b**.

The number 42, *in base 10*, means:

(4 * 10^1) + (2 * 10^0)

The number 101010, *in base 2*, means:

(1 * 2^5) + (0 * 2^4) + (1 * 2^3) + (0 * 2^2) + (1 * 2^1) + (0 * 2^0)

The number 1120, *in base 3*, means:

(1 * 3^3) + (1 * 3^2) + (2 * 3^1) + (0 * 3^0)

I think you got the idea!

*Yes. Those three numbers above are exactly the same. Congratulations!*

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats all_your_base_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats all_your_base_test.sh
```

## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
