exercises/rational-numbers/README.md, before:

# Rational Numbers

A rational number is defined as the quotient of two integers `a` and `b`, called the numerator and denominator, respectively, where `b != 0`.

The absolute value `|r|` of the rational number `r = a/b` is equal to `|a|/|b|`.

The sum of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 + r2 = a1/b1 + a2/b2 = (a1 * b2 + a2 * b1) / (b1 * b2)`.

The difference of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 - r2 = a1/b1 - a2/b2 = (a1 * b2 - a2 * b1) / (b1 * b2)`.

The product (multiplication) of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 * r2 = (a1 * a2) / (b1 * b2)`.

Dividing a rational number `r1 = a1/b1` by another `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 / r2 = (a1 * b2) / (a2 * b1)` if `a2 * b1` is not zero.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a non-negative integer power `n` is `r^n = (a^n)/(b^n)`.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a negative integer power `n` is `r^n = (b^m)/(a^m)`, where `m = |n|`.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a real (floating-point) number `x` is the quotient `(a^x)/(b^x)`, which is a real number.

Exponentiation of a real number `x` to a rational number `r = a/b` is `x^(a/b) = root(x^a, b)`, where `root(p, q)` is the `q`th root of `p`.

Implement the following operations:
 - addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of two rational numbers,
 - absolute value, exponentiation of a given rational number to an integer power, exponentiation of a given rational number to a real (floating-point) power, exponentiation of a real number to a rational number.

Your implementation of rational numbers should always be reduced to lowest terms. For example, `4/4` should reduce to `1/1`, `30/60` should reduce to `1/2`, `12/8` should reduce to `3/2`, etc. To reduce a rational number `r = a/b`, divide `a` and `b` by the greatest common divisor (gcd) of `a` and `b`. So, for example, `gcd(12, 8) = 4`, so `r = 12/8` can be reduced to `(12/4)/(8/4) = 3/2`.

Assume that the programming language you are using does not have an implementation of rational numbers.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats rational_numbers_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_number)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/rational-numbers/README.md, after:

# Rational Numbers

A rational number is defined as the quotient of two integers `a` and `b`, called the numerator and denominator, respectively, where `b != 0`.

The absolute value `|r|` of the rational number `r = a/b` is equal to `|a|/|b|`.

The sum of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 + r2 = a1/b1 + a2/b2 = (a1 * b2 + a2 * b1) / (b1 * b2)`.

The difference of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 - r2 = a1/b1 - a2/b2 = (a1 * b2 - a2 * b1) / (b1 * b2)`.

The product (multiplication) of two rational numbers `r1 = a1/b1` and `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 * r2 = (a1 * a2) / (b1 * b2)`.

Dividing a rational number `r1 = a1/b1` by another `r2 = a2/b2` is `r1 / r2 = (a1 * b2) / (a2 * b1)` if `a2 * b1` is not zero.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a non-negative integer power `n` is `r^n = (a^n)/(b^n)`.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a negative integer power `n` is `r^n = (b^m)/(a^m)`, where `m = |n|`.

Exponentiation of a rational number `r = a/b` to a real (floating-point) number `x` is the quotient `(a^x)/(b^x)`, which is a real number.

Exponentiation of a real number `x` to a rational number `r = a/b` is `x^(a/b) = root(x^a, b)`, where `root(p, q)` is the `q`th root of `p`.

Implement the following operations:
 - addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of two rational numbers,
 - absolute value, exponentiation of a given rational number to an integer power, exponentiation of a given rational number to a real (floating-point) power, exponentiation of a real number to a rational number.

Your implementation of rational numbers should always be reduced to lowest terms. For example, `4/4` should reduce to `1/1`, `30/60` should reduce to `1/2`, `12/8` should reduce to `3/2`, etc. To reduce a rational number `r = a/b`, divide `a` and `b` by the greatest common divisor (gcd) of `a` and `b`. So, for example, `gcd(12, 8) = 4`, so `r = 12/8` can be reduced to `(12/4)/(8/4) = 3/2`.

Assume that the programming language you are using does not have an implementation of rational numbers.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats rational_numbers_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats rational_numbers_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_number)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
