exercises/series/README.md, before:

# Series

Given a string of digits, output all the contiguous substrings of length `n` in
that string in the order that they appear.

For example, the string "49142" has the following 3-digit series:

- "491"
- "914"
- "142"

And the following 4-digit series:

- "4914"
- "9142"

And if you ask for a 6-digit series from a 5-digit string, you deserve
whatever you get.

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats series_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

A subset of the Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/series/README.md, after:

# Series

Given a string of digits, output all the contiguous substrings of length `n` in
that string in the order that they appear.

For example, the string "49142" has the following 3-digit series:

- "491"
- "914"
- "142"

And the following 4-digit series:

- "4914"
- "9142"

And if you ask for a 6-digit series from a 5-digit string, you deserve
whatever you get.

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats series_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats series_test.sh
```

## Source

A subset of the Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
