exercises/binary-search/README.md, before:

# Binary Search

Implement a binary search algorithm.

Searching a sorted collection is a common task. A dictionary is a sorted
list of word definitions. Given a word, one can find its definition. A
telephone book is a sorted list of people's names, addresses, and
telephone numbers. Knowing someone's name allows one to quickly find
their telephone number and address.

If the list to be searched contains more than a few items (a dozen, say)
a binary search will require far fewer comparisons than a linear search,
but it imposes the requirement that the list be sorted.

In computer science, a binary search or half-interval search algorithm
finds the position of a specified input value (the search "key") within
an array sorted by key value.

In each step, the algorithm compares the search key value with the key
value of the middle element of the array.

If the keys match, then a matching element has been found and its index,
or position, is returned.

Otherwise, if the search key is less than the middle element's key, then
the algorithm repeats its action on the sub-array to the left of the
middle element or, if the search key is greater, on the sub-array to the
right.

If the remaining array to be searched is empty, then the key cannot be
found in the array and a special "not found" indication is returned.

A binary search halves the number of items to check with each iteration,
so locating an item (or determining its absence) takes logarithmic time.
A binary search is a dichotomic divide and conquer search algorithm.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats binary_search_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_search_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_search_algorithm)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/binary-search/README.md, after:

# Binary Search

Implement a binary search algorithm.

Searching a sorted collection is a common task. A dictionary is a sorted
list of word definitions. Given a word, one can find its definition. A
telephone book is a sorted list of people's names, addresses, and
telephone numbers. Knowing someone's name allows one to quickly find
their telephone number and address.

If the list to be searched contains more than a few items (a dozen, say)
a binary search will require far fewer comparisons than a linear search,
but it imposes the requirement that the list be sorted.

In computer science, a binary search or half-interval search algorithm
finds the position of a specified input value (the search "key") within
an array sorted by key value.

In each step, the algorithm compares the search key value with the key
value of the middle element of the array.

If the keys match, then a matching element has been found and its index,
or position, is returned.

Otherwise, if the search key is less than the middle element's key, then
the algorithm repeats its action on the sub-array to the left of the
middle element or, if the search key is greater, on the sub-array to the
right.

If the remaining array to be searched is empty, then the key cannot be
found in the array and a special "not found" indication is returned.

A binary search halves the number of items to check with each iteration,
so locating an item (or determining its absence) takes logarithmic time.
A binary search is a dichotomic divide and conquer search algorithm.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats binary_search_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats binary_search_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_search_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_search_algorithm)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
