exercises/two-fer/README.md, before:

# Two Fer

`Two-fer` or `2-fer` is short for two for one. One for you and one for me.

```text
"One for X, one for me."
```

When X is a name or "you".

If the given name is "Alice", the result should be "One for Alice, one for me."
If no name is given, the result should be "One for you, one for me."



Run the tests with:

```bash
bats two_fer_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

This is an exercise to introduce users to basic programming constructs, just after Hello World. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer)

## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Applied POSIX compliance section rephrasing to the READMEs of existing exercises

exercises/two-fer/README.md, after:

# Two Fer

`Two-fer` or `2-fer` is short for two for one. One for you and one for me.

```text
"One for X, one for me."
```

When X is a name or "you".

If the given name is "Alice", the result should be "One for Alice, one for me."
If no name is given, the result should be "One for you, one for me."



Run the tests with:

```bash
bats two_fer_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

This is an exercise to introduce users to basic programming constructs, just after Hello World. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
