exercises/forth/README.md, before:

# Forth

Implement an evaluator for a very simple subset of Forth.

[Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_%28programming_language%29)
is a stack-based programming language. Implement a very basic evaluator
for a small subset of Forth.

Your evaluator has to support the following words:

- `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` (integer arithmetic)
- `DUP`, `DROP`, `SWAP`, `OVER` (stack manipulation)

Your evaluator also has to support defining new words using the
customary syntax: `: word-name definition ;`.

To keep things simple the only data type you need to support is signed
integers of at least 16 bits size.

You should use the following rules for the syntax: a number is a
sequence of one or more (ASCII) digits, a word is a sequence of one or
more letters, digits, symbols or punctuation that is not a number.
(Forth probably uses slightly different rules, but this is close
enough.)

Words are case-insensitive.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats forth_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.



## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/forth/README.md, after:

# Forth

Implement an evaluator for a very simple subset of Forth.

[Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_%28programming_language%29)
is a stack-based programming language. Implement a very basic evaluator
for a small subset of Forth.

Your evaluator has to support the following words:

- `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` (integer arithmetic)
- `DUP`, `DROP`, `SWAP`, `OVER` (stack manipulation)

Your evaluator also has to support defining new words using the
customary syntax: `: word-name definition ;`.

To keep things simple the only data type you need to support is signed
integers of at least 16 bits size.

You should use the following rules for the syntax: a number is a
sequence of one or more (ASCII) digits, a word is a sequence of one or
more letters, digits, symbols or punctuation that is not a number.
(Forth probably uses slightly different rules, but this is close
enough.)

Words are case-insensitive.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats forth_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats forth_test.sh
```

## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
