exercises/space-age/README.md, before:

# Space Age

Given an age in seconds, calculate how old someone would be on:

   - Earth: orbital period 365.25 Earth days, or 31557600 seconds
   - Mercury: orbital period 0.2408467 Earth years
   - Venus: orbital period 0.61519726 Earth years
   - Mars: orbital period 1.8808158 Earth years
   - Jupiter: orbital period 11.862615 Earth years
   - Saturn: orbital period 29.447498 Earth years
   - Uranus: orbital period 84.016846 Earth years
   - Neptune: orbital period 164.79132 Earth years

So if you were told someone were 1,000,000,000 seconds old, you should
be able to say that they're 31.69 Earth-years old.

If you're wondering why Pluto didn't make the cut, go watch [this
youtube video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_2gbGXzFbs).


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats space_age_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Partially inspired by Chapter 1 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/space-age/README.md, after:

# Space Age

Given an age in seconds, calculate how old someone would be on:

   - Earth: orbital period 365.25 Earth days, or 31557600 seconds
   - Mercury: orbital period 0.2408467 Earth years
   - Venus: orbital period 0.61519726 Earth years
   - Mars: orbital period 1.8808158 Earth years
   - Jupiter: orbital period 11.862615 Earth years
   - Saturn: orbital period 29.447498 Earth years
   - Uranus: orbital period 84.016846 Earth years
   - Neptune: orbital period 164.79132 Earth years

So if you were told someone were 1,000,000,000 seconds old, you should
be able to say that they're 31.69 Earth-years old.

If you're wondering why Pluto didn't make the cut, go watch [this
youtube video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_2gbGXzFbs).

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats space_age_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats space_age_test.sh
```

## Source

Partially inspired by Chapter 1 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
