exercises/run-length-encoding/README.md, before:

# Run Length Encoding

Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

Run-length encoding (RLE) is a simple form of data compression, where runs
(consecutive data elements) are replaced by just one data value and count.

For example we can represent the original 53 characters with only 13.

```text
"WWWWWWWWWWWWBWWWWWWWWWWWWBBBWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWB"  ->  "12WB12W3B24WB"
```

RLE allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from
the compressed data, which makes it a lossless data compression.

```text
"AABCCCDEEEE"  ->  "2AB3CD4E"  ->  "AABCCCDEEEE"
```

For simplicity, you can assume that the unencoded string will only contain
the letters A through Z (either lower or upper case) and whitespace. This way
data to be encoded will never contain any numbers and numbers inside data to
be decoded always represent the count for the following character.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats run_length_encoding_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/run-length-encoding/README.md, after:

# Run Length Encoding

Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

Run-length encoding (RLE) is a simple form of data compression, where runs
(consecutive data elements) are replaced by just one data value and count.

For example we can represent the original 53 characters with only 13.

```text
"WWWWWWWWWWWWBWWWWWWWWWWWWBBBWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWB"  ->  "12WB12W3B24WB"
```

RLE allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from
the compressed data, which makes it a lossless data compression.

```text
"AABCCCDEEEE"  ->  "2AB3CD4E"  ->  "AABCCCDEEEE"
```

For simplicity, you can assume that the unencoded string will only contain
the letters A through Z (either lower or upper case) and whitespace. This way
data to be encoded will never contain any numbers and numbers inside data to
be decoded always represent the count for the following character.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats run_length_encoding_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats run_length_encoding_test.sh
```

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
