exercises/practice/sieve/.docs/instructions.md, before:

# Instructions

Use the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all the primes from 2 up to a given
number.

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to any given limit.
It does so by iteratively marking as composite (i.e. not prime) the multiples of each prime, starting with the multiples of 2.
It does not use any division or remainder operation.

Create your range, starting at two and continuing up to and including the given limit.
(i.e. [2, limit])

The algorithm consists of repeating the following over and over:

- take the next available unmarked number in your list (it is prime)
- mark all the multiples of that number (they are not prime)

Repeat until you have processed each number in your range.

When the algorithm terminates, all the numbers in the list that have not
been marked are prime.

[This wikipedia article][eratosthenes] has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm.

Notice that this is a very specific algorithm, and the tests don't check that you've implemented the algorithm, only that you've come up with the correct list of primes.
A good first test is to check that you do not use division or remainder operations (div, /, mod or % depending on the language).

[eratosthenes]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes

Commit message:

Sync sieve docs with problem-specifications
The sieve exercise has been overhauled as part of a project
to make practice exercises more consistent and friendly.

For more context, please see the discussion in the forum, as well as
the pull request that updated the exercise in the problem-specifications
repository:

- https://forum.exercism.org/t/new-project-making-practice-exercises-more-consistent-and-human-across-exercism/3943
- https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/pull/2216

----

If you approve this pull request, I will eventually merge it. However, if you are happy with this change **please merge the pull request**, as it will get the changes into the hands of the students much more quickly.

exercises/practice/sieve/.docs/instructions.md, after:

# Instructions

Your task is to create a program that implements the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm to find prime numbers.

A prime number is a number that is only divisible by 1 and itself.
For example, 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13 are prime numbers.

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is an ancient algorithm that works by taking a list of numbers and crossing out all the numbers that aren't prime.

A number that is **not** prime is called a "composite number".

To use the Sieve of Eratosthenes, you first create a list of all the numbers between 2 and your given number.
Then you repeat the following steps:

1. Find the next unmarked number in your list. This is a prime number.
2. Mark all the multiples of that prime number as composite (not prime).

You keep repeating these steps until you've gone through every number in your list.
At the end, all the unmarked numbers are prime.

```exercism/note
[Wikipedia's Sieve of Eratosthenes article][eratosthenes] has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm.

The tests don't check that you've implemented the algorithm, only that you've come up with the correct list of primes.
A good first test is to check that you do not use division or remainder operations.

[eratosthenes]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes
```
