exercises/secret-handshake/README.md, before:

# Secret Handshake

> There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand
> binary, and those who don't.

You and your fellow cohort of those in the "know" when it comes to
binary decide to come up with a secret "handshake".

```text
1 = wink
10 = double blink
100 = close your eyes
1000 = jump


10000 = Reverse the order of the operations in the secret handshake.
```

Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

Here's a couple of examples:

Given the input 3, the function would return the array
["wink", "double blink"] because 3 is 11 in binary.

Given the input 19, the function would return the array
["double blink", "wink"] because 19 is 10011 in binary.
Notice that the addition of 16 (10000 in binary)
has caused the array to be reversed.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats secret_handshake_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Bert, in Mary Poppins [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/secret-handshake/README.md, after:

# Secret Handshake

> There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand
> binary, and those who don't.

You and your fellow cohort of those in the "know" when it comes to
binary decide to come up with a secret "handshake".

```text
1 = wink
10 = double blink
100 = close your eyes
1000 = jump


10000 = Reverse the order of the operations in the secret handshake.
```

Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

Here's a couple of examples:

Given the input 3, the function would return the array
["wink", "double blink"] because 3 is 11 in binary.

Given the input 19, the function would return the array
["double blink", "wink"] because 19 is 10011 in binary.
Notice that the addition of 16 (10000 in binary)
has caused the array to be reversed.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats secret_handshake_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats secret_handshake_test.sh
```

## Source

Bert, in Mary Poppins [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
