exercises/atbash-cipher/README.md, before:

# Atbash Cipher

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system created in the Middle East.

The Atbash cipher is a simple substitution cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet such that the resulting
alphabet is backwards. The first letter is replaced with the last
letter, the second with the second-last, and so on.

An Atbash cipher for the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
```

It is a very weak cipher because it only has one possible key, and it is
a simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher. However, this may not have
been an issue in the cipher's time.

Ciphertext is written out in groups of fixed length, the traditional group size
being 5 letters, and punctuation is excluded. This is to make it harder to guess
things based on word boundaries.

## Examples

- Encoding `test` gives `gvhg`
- Decoding `gvhg` gives `test`
- Decoding `gsvjf rxpyi ldmul cqfnk hlevi gsvoz abwlt` gives `thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog`


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats atbash_cipher_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/atbash-cipher/README.md, after:

# Atbash Cipher

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system created in the Middle East.

The Atbash cipher is a simple substitution cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet such that the resulting
alphabet is backwards. The first letter is replaced with the last
letter, the second with the second-last, and so on.

An Atbash cipher for the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
```

It is a very weak cipher because it only has one possible key, and it is
a simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher. However, this may not have
been an issue in the cipher's time.

Ciphertext is written out in groups of fixed length, the traditional group size
being 5 letters, and punctuation is excluded. This is to make it harder to guess
things based on word boundaries.

## Examples

- Encoding `test` gives `gvhg`
- Decoding `gvhg` gives `test`
- Decoding `gsvjf rxpyi ldmul cqfnk hlevi gsvoz abwlt` gives `thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog`


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats atbash_cipher_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
