exercises/protein-translation/README.md, before:

# Protein Translation

Translate RNA sequences into proteins.

RNA can be broken into three nucleotide sequences called codons, and then translated to a polypeptide like so:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCU"` => translates to

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU"`
=> which become a polypeptide with the following sequence =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

There are 64 codons which in turn correspond to 20 amino acids; however, all of the codon sequences and resulting amino acids are not important in this exercise.  If it works for one codon, the program should work for all of them.
However, feel free to expand the list in the test suite to include them all.

There are also three terminating codons (also known as 'STOP' codons); if any of these codons are encountered (by the ribosome), all translation ends and the protein is terminated.

All subsequent codons after are ignored, like this:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCUUAAAUG"` =>

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU", "UAA", "AUG"` =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

Note the stop codon `"UAA"` terminates the translation and the final methionine is not translated into the protein sequence.

Below are the codons and resulting Amino Acids needed for the exercise.

Codon                 | Protein
:---                  | :---
AUG                   | Methionine
UUU, UUC              | Phenylalanine
UUA, UUG              | Leucine
UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG    | Serine
UAU, UAC              | Tyrosine
UGU, UGC              | Cysteine
UGG                   | Tryptophan
UAA, UAG, UGA         | STOP

Learn more about [protein translation on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_(biology))


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats protein_translation_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Tyler Long


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/protein-translation/README.md, after:

# Protein Translation

Translate RNA sequences into proteins.

RNA can be broken into three nucleotide sequences called codons, and then translated to a polypeptide like so:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCU"` => translates to

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU"`
=> which become a polypeptide with the following sequence =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

There are 64 codons which in turn correspond to 20 amino acids; however, all of the codon sequences and resulting amino acids are not important in this exercise.  If it works for one codon, the program should work for all of them.
However, feel free to expand the list in the test suite to include them all.

There are also three terminating codons (also known as 'STOP' codons); if any of these codons are encountered (by the ribosome), all translation ends and the protein is terminated.

All subsequent codons after are ignored, like this:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCUUAAAUG"` =>

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU", "UAA", "AUG"` =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

Note the stop codon `"UAA"` terminates the translation and the final methionine is not translated into the protein sequence.

Below are the codons and resulting Amino Acids needed for the exercise.

Codon                 | Protein
:---                  | :---
AUG                   | Methionine
UUU, UUC              | Phenylalanine
UUA, UUG              | Leucine
UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG    | Serine
UAU, UAC              | Tyrosine
UGU, UGC              | Cysteine
UGG                   | Tryptophan
UAA, UAG, UGA         | STOP

Learn more about [protein translation on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_(biology))

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats protein_translation_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats protein_translation_test.sh
```

## Source

Tyler Long


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
