docs/INSTALLATION.md, before:

Bash is usually found on any Linux, BSD, or Unix based systems.
In the graphical interface of your choice, look for an application named "Terminal".
Alternatively, Ctrl+Alt+F2 should take you to a shell login (Ctrl+Alt+F1 or F7 to return to Graphical mode).

To verify the version of Bash available, from the command line or terminal, run:

    echo $BASH_VERSION

If your shell is `bash` it should show something like:

    4.4.19(1)-release

You shouldn't need to do anything else, bash should be installed and in your path at this point, as it is your current shell.

If your shell isn't bash, there is no reason to change it.
You can write and run bash scripts without being in a bash shell.

To verify the version of bash installed, run:

```plain
bash --version
```

It will show something like this:

```
GNU bash, version 4.4.19(1)-release (x86_64-pc-linux-gnu)
Copyright (C) 2016 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>

This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
```

This should output some terse information about the version of bash you are running.
If it does not, you may not have bash installed.
You should install it using your distributions package manager.

For Windows, you may need to install [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10). Alternatively, you can install [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/).

For Apple OSX:
* open Finder,
* open your Applications folder,
* open the Utilities folder,
* finally open the `Terminal` application.

Commit message:

Expanding the list of alternatives for installing bash on Windows. (#392)
* Expanding the list of alternatives for installing bash on Windows.

Plus, tweak the Linux wording a bit.

* Tweak BSD/Unix wording.
Remove sentence about using the systen console.

docs/INSTALLATION.md, after:

## Linux

Bash, as the GNU shell, will be found on any GNU/Linux system. 
BSD and other UNIX derivatives will likely require installation by the user.
If you are on BSD, AIX, or a Linux that doesn't come with bash please consult your operating system's resources regarding installation of non-core packages.

In the graphical interface of your choice, look for an application named "Terminal": it might be found under an "Administrative/System Tools" section.

To verify the version of Bash available, from the command line or terminal, run:

    echo $BASH_VERSION

If your shell is `bash` it should show something like:

    4.4.19(1)-release

You shouldn't need to do anything else, bash should be installed and in your path at this point, as it is your current shell.

If your shell isn't bash, there is no reason to change it.
You can write and run bash scripts without being in a bash shell.

To verify the version of bash installed, run:

```plain
bash --version
```

It will show something like this:

```
GNU bash, version 4.4.19(1)-release (x86_64-pc-linux-gnu)
Copyright (C) 2016 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>

This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
```

If it does not, you may not have bash installed.
You should install it using your distributions package manager.

## Windows

For Windows 10, you can install [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about). 
This installs a full (well, the non-GUI components) Linux distribution that runs natively in Windows.

Alternatively, you can install:

* [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/)
* [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
* [MinGW](http://mingw.org/)
* a full Linux distribution in [a virtual machine](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/about/)

## MacOS

For Apple OSX:

* open Finder,
* open your Applications folder,
* open the Utilities folder,
* finally open the `Terminal` application.
