docs/TESTS.md, before:

# Tests

As there isn't much of a bash ecosystem, there also isn't really a defacto
leader in the bash testing area. For these examples we are using
[bats](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core). 

Run the tests for the hypothetical "whatever" exercise like this:
```bash
cd /path/to/your/exercise_workspace/bash/whatever
bats whatever_test.sh
```

## Installing `bats-core`

You should be able to install it from your favorite package manager:

### For Mac (brew)
On OS X
with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) this would look something like this:
```
$ brew install bats-core
==> Downloading https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core/archive/v1.1.0.tar.gz
==> Downloading from https://codeload.github.com/bats-core/bats-core/tar.gz/v1.1.0
######################################################################## 100.0%
==> ./install.sh /usr/local/Cellar/bats-core/1.1.0
🍺  /usr/local/Cellar/bats-core/1.1.0: 13 files, 55KB, built in 4 seconds
```

* The legacy `bats` package also exists in the homebrew ecosystem. _Do not
install that by mistake_: <u>install `bats-core`</u>.

### For Linux

#### Fedora 30 and newer

`bats` is packaged for Fedora 30 and newer, you can install it with

```bash
sudo dnf install bats
```

#### Other Linux

For other Linux distributions the implementation of `bats` we use is not conveniently packaged. The best way to install it is from source: if you want to install it under `/usr/local` then
```bash
git clone https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core
cd bats-core/
sudo ./install.sh /usr/local
```
Following that, assuming `/usr/local/bin` is in your $PATH, you can now do:
```
$ bats
Error: Must specify at least one <test>
Usage: bats [-cr] [-f <regex>] [-j <jobs>] [-p | -t] <test>...
       bats [-h | -v]
...
```

### For Windows (MINGW64/Cygwin)
```
$ git clone https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core.git
$ cd bats
$ ./install.sh $HOME
```
Note: When you are using the outdated `https://github.com/sstephenson/bats.git` and you discover an error like `cp: cannot create symbolic link '${HOME}/bin/bats': No such file or directory`, you have to copy the `bin/bats/libexec/` folder content to `${HOME}/bin/` manually.

There are reports that [newer bats versions don't behave well on MinGW bash](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core/issues/256) -- before you run the install script, you might want to:
```
$ git checkout v1.1.0
```

## Legacy `bats`

`bats-core` was forked from [the original `bats`
implementation](https://github.com/sstephenson/bats).  The sstephenson/bats
was quite buggy and had been abandoned. Ownership was handed over in 2017: 
[sstephenson/bats#150 (comment)](https://github.com/sstephenson/bats/issues/150#issuecomment-323845404)

If you have the original sstephenson/bats installed (check with `bats -v`
reporting a version number less than 1.0), then you should switch to
bats-core: otherwise you may find yourself [experiencing unexplained test
failures](https://github.com/exercism/bash/pull/445).

Commit message:

update docs about bats-assert functions

docs/TESTS.md, after:

# Tests

As there isn't much of a bash ecosystem, there also isn't really a defacto
leader in the bash testing area. For these examples we are using
[bats](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core). 

Run the tests for the hypothetical "whatever" exercise like this:
```bash
cd /path/to/your/exercise_workspace/bash/whatever
bats whatever_test.sh
```

For help on the meaning of the various `assert*` commands in the
tests, refer to the documentation for the
[bats-assert](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-assert) library.

## Installing `bats-core`

You should be able to install it from your favorite package manager:

### For Mac (brew)
On OS X
with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) this would look something like this:
```
$ brew install bats-core
==> Downloading https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core/archive/v1.1.0.tar.gz
==> Downloading from https://codeload.github.com/bats-core/bats-core/tar.gz/v1.1.0
######################################################################## 100.0%
==> ./install.sh /usr/local/Cellar/bats-core/1.1.0
🍺  /usr/local/Cellar/bats-core/1.1.0: 13 files, 55KB, built in 4 seconds
```

* The legacy `bats` package also exists in the homebrew ecosystem. _Do not
install that by mistake_: <u>install `bats-core`</u>.

### For Linux

#### Fedora 30 and newer

`bats` is packaged for Fedora 30 and newer, you can install it with

```bash
sudo dnf install bats
```

#### Other Linux

For other Linux distributions the implementation of `bats` we use is not conveniently packaged. The best way to install it is from source: if you want to install it under `/usr/local` then
```bash
git clone https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core
cd bats-core/
sudo ./install.sh /usr/local
```
Following that, assuming `/usr/local/bin` is in your $PATH, you can now do:
```
$ bats
Error: Must specify at least one <test>
Usage: bats [-cr] [-f <regex>] [-j <jobs>] [-p | -t] <test>...
       bats [-h | -v]
...
```

### For Windows (MINGW64/Cygwin)
```
$ git clone https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core.git
$ cd bats
$ ./install.sh $HOME
```
Note: When you are using the outdated `https://github.com/sstephenson/bats.git` and you discover an error like `cp: cannot create symbolic link '${HOME}/bin/bats': No such file or directory`, you have to copy the `bin/bats/libexec/` folder content to `${HOME}/bin/` manually.

There are reports that [newer bats versions don't behave well on MinGW bash](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core/issues/256) -- before you run the install script, you might want to:
```
$ git checkout v1.1.0
```

## Legacy `bats`

`bats-core` was forked from [the original `bats`
implementation](https://github.com/sstephenson/bats).  The sstephenson/bats
was quite buggy and had been abandoned. Ownership was handed over in 2017: 
[sstephenson/bats#150 (comment)](https://github.com/sstephenson/bats/issues/150#issuecomment-323845404)

If you have the original sstephenson/bats installed (check with `bats -v`
reporting a version number less than 1.0), then you should switch to
bats-core: otherwise you may find yourself [experiencing unexplained test
failures](https://github.com/exercism/bash/pull/445).
