exercises/perfect-numbers/README.md, before:

# Perfect Numbers

Determine if a number is perfect, abundant, or deficient based on
Nicomachus' (60 - 120 CE) classification scheme for natural numbers.

The Greek mathematician [Nicomachus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicomachus) devised a classification scheme for natural numbers, identifying each as belonging uniquely to the categories of **perfect**, **abundant**, or **deficient** based on their [aliquot sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliquot_sum). The aliquot sum is defined as the sum of the factors of a number not including the number itself. For example, the aliquot sum of 15 is (1 + 3 + 5) = 9

- **Perfect**: aliquot sum = number
  - 6 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 3) = 6
  - 28 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14) = 28
- **Abundant**: aliquot sum > number
  - 12 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6) = 16
  - 24 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6 + 8 + 12) = 36
- **Deficient**: aliquot sum < number
  - 8 is a deficient number because (1 + 2 + 4) = 7
  - Prime numbers are deficient

Implement a way to determine whether a given number is **perfect**. Depending on your language track, you may also need to implement a way to determine whether a given number is **abundant** or **deficient**.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats perfect_numbers_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Taken from Chapter 2 of Functional Thinking by Neal Ford. [http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Remove skips from all tests (#279)
* Enable running all tests with unmodified file

These skips are to many an annoyance when using bats, since it doesn't
have any command line flag to ignore skipped tests.

By setting the environment variable $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED to `true`,
you can now get bats to run all tests for the exercise.

Instructive comment in test file moves to two-fer.  Since this is the first
exercise on the track with skips.

exercises/perfect-numbers/README.md, after:

# Perfect Numbers

Determine if a number is perfect, abundant, or deficient based on
Nicomachus' (60 - 120 CE) classification scheme for natural numbers.

The Greek mathematician [Nicomachus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicomachus) devised a classification scheme for natural numbers, identifying each as belonging uniquely to the categories of **perfect**, **abundant**, or **deficient** based on their [aliquot sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliquot_sum). The aliquot sum is defined as the sum of the factors of a number not including the number itself. For example, the aliquot sum of 15 is (1 + 3 + 5) = 9

- **Perfect**: aliquot sum = number
  - 6 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 3) = 6
  - 28 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14) = 28
- **Abundant**: aliquot sum > number
  - 12 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6) = 16
  - 24 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6 + 8 + 12) = 36
- **Deficient**: aliquot sum < number
  - 8 is a deficient number because (1 + 2 + 4) = 7
  - Prime numbers are deficient

Implement a way to determine whether a given number is **perfect**. Depending on your language track, you may also need to implement a way to determine whether a given number is **abundant** or **deficient**.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats perfect_numbers_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats perfect_numbers_test.sh
```

## Source

Taken from Chapter 2 of Functional Thinking by Neal Ford. [http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
