exercises/allergies/README.md, before:

# Allergies

Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies.

An allergy test produces a single numeric score which contains the
information about all the allergies the person has (that they were
tested for).

The list of items (and their value) that were tested are:

* eggs (1)
* peanuts (2)
* shellfish (4)
* strawberries (8)
* tomatoes (16)
* chocolate (32)
* pollen (64)
* cats (128)

So if Tom is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

Now, given just that score of 34, your program should be able to say:

- Whether Tom is allergic to any one of those allergens listed above.
- All the allergens Tom is allergic to.

Note: a given score may include allergens **not** listed above (i.e.
allergens that score 256, 512, 1024, etc.).  Your program should
ignore those components of the score.  For example, if the allergy
score is 257, your program should only report the eggs (1) allergy.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats allergies_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

Jumpstart Lab Warm-up [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Enable running all tests with unmodified file
Applied this again on modified tests.

exercises/allergies/README.md, after:

# Allergies

Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies.

An allergy test produces a single numeric score which contains the
information about all the allergies the person has (that they were
tested for).

The list of items (and their value) that were tested are:

* eggs (1)
* peanuts (2)
* shellfish (4)
* strawberries (8)
* tomatoes (16)
* chocolate (32)
* pollen (64)
* cats (128)

So if Tom is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

Now, given just that score of 34, your program should be able to say:

- Whether Tom is allergic to any one of those allergens listed above.
- All the allergens Tom is allergic to.

Note: a given score may include allergens **not** listed above (i.e.
allergens that score 256, 512, 1024, etc.).  Your program should
ignore those components of the score.  For example, if the allergy
score is 257, your program should only report the eggs (1) allergy.

Run the tests with:

```bash
bats allergies_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `[[ $BATS_RUN_SKIPPED == true  ]] || skip` annotations prepending other tests.

To run all tests, including the ones with `skip` annotations, run:

```bash
BATS_RUN_SKIPPED=true bats allergies_test.sh
```

## Source

Jumpstart Lab Warm-up [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)


## External utilities
`Bash` is a language to write scripts that works closely with various system utilities,
like [`sed`](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed/), [`awk`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/), [`date`](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/date-invocation.html) and even other programming languages, like [`Python`](https://www.python.org/).
This track does not restrict the usage of these utilities, and as long as your solution is portable
between systems and does not require installing third party applications, feel free to use them to solve the exercise.

For an extra challenge, if you would like to have a better understanding of the language,
try to re-implement the solution in pure `Bash`, without using any external tools.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
