exercises/leap/README.md, before:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```text
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

If your language provides a method in the standard library that does
this look-up, pretend it doesn't exist and implement it yourself.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats leap_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/leap/README.md, after:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```text
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

If your language provides a method in the standard library that does
this look-up, pretend it doesn't exist and implement it yourself.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats leap_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
