exercises/collatz-conjecture/README.md, before:

# Collatz Conjecture

The Collatz Conjecture or 3x+1 problem can be summarized as follows:

Take any positive integer n. If n is even, divide n by 2 to get n / 2. If n is
odd, multiply n by 3 and add 1 to get 3n + 1. Repeat the process indefinitely.
The conjecture states that no matter which number you start with, you will
always reach 1 eventually.

Given a number n, return the number of steps required to reach 1.

## Examples

Starting with n = 12, the steps would be as follows:

0. 12
1. 6
2. 3
3. 10
4. 5
5. 16
6. 8
7. 4
8. 2
9. 1

Resulting in 9 steps. So for input n = 12, the return value would be 9.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats collatz_conjecture_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

An unsolved problem in mathematics named after mathematician Lothar Collatz [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added POSIX compilance section to the existing exercises via configlet

exercises/collatz-conjecture/README.md, after:

# Collatz Conjecture

The Collatz Conjecture or 3x+1 problem can be summarized as follows:

Take any positive integer n. If n is even, divide n by 2 to get n / 2. If n is
odd, multiply n by 3 and add 1 to get 3n + 1. Repeat the process indefinitely.
The conjecture states that no matter which number you start with, you will
always reach 1 eventually.

Given a number n, return the number of steps required to reach 1.

## Examples

Starting with n = 12, the steps would be as follows:

0. 12
1. 6
2. 3
3. 10
4. 5
5. 16
6. 8
7. 4
8. 2
9. 1

Resulting in 9 steps. So for input n = 12, the return value would be 9.


Run the tests with:

```bash
bats collatz_conjecture_test.sh
```

After the first test(s) pass, continue by commenting out or removing the `skip` annotations prepending other tests.

## Source

An unsolved problem in mathematics named after mathematician Lothar Collatz [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem)


## POSIX compliance
On this track full POSIX compliance is not required. Therefore feel free to use any tool you need to complete
the exercises, like `sed`, `awk`, `date` or even `python`. As long as the solution is portable between systems
and does not require installing third party applications, it will be accepted.

However, once you have completed and submitted the exercise, take a second look at you solution.
Maybe the same results could be achieved in pure Bash, without using any external tools?

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
